Depth list (higher on the list is higher/closer in-game):

Context menu
Standard menus
Zoom
Selected
Search/View
Hand
Decks
Free cards
Battlefield


Hand:
A panel permanently at the bottom of the screen. It will have a list of cards that are in it. The cards are positioned in hand panel.
Dropping a selected card into the hand will add it to the hand.
Selecting a card from the hand and dropping it in another zone will remove it from the hand.

View/Search:
Opened from a deck's context menu. A panel that appears when opened. Probably shouldn't overlap the hand. Contains a list of cards---the same cards as the deck.
The cards are activated and moved to positions within the panel. The panel will probably need a scroll bar, or page navigation.

Zoom:
Displays the card. Not necessarily the card's native resolution.
It should probably be made a set size. Either completely static or based on the size of the window.

Random Number Generator (RNG):
The RNG will be accessible from anywhere using the context menu. Allows to enter a minimum possible number and maximum possible number.
e.g. a dice roll would be 1--6. A coin could be 0--1. A number from within that range (inclusive) will be randomly generated and displayed to both players.
Use GMS's built-in get_integer() or get_integer_async() functions. async would probably be preferable, but for our purposes the non-async may be sufficient. If non-async does have a problem, it's probably with multiplayer

Empty decks:
A "deck" which is allowed to be empty, so cards can be placed into it. Important for discard piles. Will need some kind of graphical marker.
Will probably just modify existing decks to meet this requirement.
	-OR-
Ability to convert free cards into a deck. So when the first card is discarded, a deck is created with it.
Will probably still want a way to distinguish decks from cards.

Rotation:
Right clicking a card will give the option to rotate it. Preset amounts and/or a dialog box asking for degrees are possible. A different version
which sets the rotation directly to a specified value rather than adding/subtracting is also possible.

Flipping:
Right clicking a card or deck will give the option to flip it. uh... that's about it. Make the sure origins are set correctly.

Context menu		-8
Standard menus		-7
Zoom				-6
Selected			-5
Search/View cards	-4
Search/View			-3
Hand cards			-1.5 to -2.5
Hand				-1 
Decks				0
Free cards			1+
Tabletop			infinity

Decks:
Decks are compressed zip files with the extension changed to ".deck". The file contains all the images used in the deck and a file named
"info.xml" which describes the structure of the deck. The XML has a field for each card, and a global field that applies to every card that doesn't
specify its own attribute. For example, if the global has a field for "back image", then that back image will be used for EVERY card, except for cards
which specify their own "back image". If the global also has other attributes, than this card will still inherit those unless it also specifies that
attribute as well. Attributes include width, height, front image, and back image. Each card can also specify how many copies of it are in the deck.

Input Manager:
Most input will be managed globally, instead of having each object handle their own input. Because of the nature of card games, which are cursor-driven,
this should be preferable for most functions. There may be some exceptions, for example menu/navigation buttons.

Multiplayer:
In multiplayer, certain actions will effect both players in the same way. This includes card and deck positions. The gamestate will preiodically
be checked and sent to the other player to guarantee synchronisation. 

Creating/Hosting a multiplayer game:
The player will select "Host" from the main menu. If possible, their external IP address will be shown.
Otherwise, they will be directed to a website where they can find it.
It can then be given to another player, so they will know what address to connect to.

Connecting to a multiplayer game:
The player will select "Connect" from the main menu. They will then be prompted for an IP address and port number. The game client will attempt to make
a connection to another client. If successful, a multiplayer game will begin.

Importing a deck:
The player will be able to use the context menu to import a deck. They will be prompted for the location of their deck. The deck will then be
unzipped to the game's working directory, and the files will be used to generate sprites and objects. Once they have been created, the files will
be deleted.

In multiplayer, the deck is sent to the other player as well.

Hand:
A panel permanently at the bottom of the screen. It will have a list of cards that are in it. Cards will fill the panel from left to right, until
there is not enough space to fill the hand. Then all the cards will be distributed evenly across the hand. Dropping a selected card into the hand will add it to the hand. Selecting a card from the hand and dropping it in another zone will remove it from the hand.

In multiplayer, your own hand function the same, but for the other player, only a counter showing how many cards they have in their hand will be shown.

View/Search:
Opened from a deck's context menu. A panel that appears when opened. Won't overlap the hand. Contains a list of cards---the same cards as the deck.
The cards are activated and moved to positions within the panel. The panel will have a scroll bar or pages for navigation.

In multiplayer, the other player will not be able to see what you are doing.

Zoom:
Displays the card. Not necessarily the card's native resolution. Instead, it will be scaled to the largest possible size while remaining in the window without changing its aspect ratio.

This does not effect the other player's view.

Random Number Generator (RNG):
The RNG will be accessible from anywhere using the context menu. Allows to enter a minimum possible number and maximum possible number.
e.g. a dice roll would be 1--6. A coin could be 0--1. A number from within that range (inclusive) will be randomly generated and displayed.

In multiplayer, the same number will be displayed to both players.

Create (not import) new decks:
Ability to convert free cards into a deck. So when the first card is discarded, a deck is created with it.

In multiplayer, the other player will have the same effect.

Rotation:
Right clicking a card will give the option to rotate it. Preset amounts and/or a dialog box asking for degrees are possible. A different version
which sets the rotation directly to a specified value rather than adding/subtracting is also possible.

In multiplayer, the other player will have the same effect.

Flipping:
Right clicking a card or deck will give the option to flip it to show its back image, or to show its front image if it was already on its back.

In multiplayer, the other player will have the same effect.
